# Student-management-system
In the academic world, information is especially very important and essential. Students have to register for courses, take attendance, and as well as check their scores. Years after graduating from the school, students come back asking for transcript. It is therefore very important to handle students' records in a way that is accessible, maintainable and secure. The manual method of cumulating and storing student record is often prone to various degrees of human error and is also unsecured making it exposed to unauthorized personnel.
 The student Management System deals with all kinds of student details, academic related reports, course details and other resource related details. Student management system tracks all the details of a student from the first day to the end of his or her course which can be used for all reporting purpose, progress in the course,  final exam results and all this will be available for future reference too.
In student management system, the registration of students and faculties are automated. All the process like addition of subject, course mapping, role allocation are done by the HOD through this system. Feedback management is also automated where the HOD can add questions and send it to the students. Students can submit their feedback through this system.HOD can then view the performance of each faculty based on this feedback submitted by the students.\\
	Faculty can upload the internals and monthly attendance of their students into the system. Hence students can view their attendance and internal marks through their page. The task of faculty advisor is also reduced because they can automatically generate students result analysis by uploading the university mark to thr system.
 
